[Music]
the beer is late again I need you to
fire him as soon as he gets in these are
our teas ashes okay see I just want
Audie to be at peace because you know
our last days together exactly perfect I
can fire Kabir but still make him feel
good not embarrassed I just need to
cover up the bad news with lots of nice
stuff yeah once you write this Kapus
thing up maybe we'll take it out
together you too Brown just bought 10
episodes of literally anything for me
the other day and I don't have anything
in the pipe and then Kabir filed a
sexual harassment complaint against you
what me this is a problem no it's all a
misunderstanding
Kabir took everything the wrong way I
was just trying to fire him in a fun
kymmie way that's what people love about
me I'm gonna need coverage on this by
Monday also find out what coverage is
and if Monday is a Jewish holiday I
don't work for you and you don't work no
you're the best now that he's conquered
the music world and his fear of birds
trip is getting into acting
isn't that right trip starring trip
nonnamous Titus I'm Titus oh come on and
I became a DJ because of one thing
DJ's listen
hey that's your friend and this is his
story I worshipped you man
how could you do something so sick
what's going on the camera oh I'm making
the document I mean it's hopeless for me
somebody to get my case reopened they'd
have to be really smart have to have
some money bunch of cameras sleaze wait
what can i really get your case reopened
like is that a real thing wait your
slizzard lizard are you kidding me
he played my great-aunts nasty 90th and
I got home with her as a joke just tells
me he's still locked up we keep a lot of
work our case files here like Cosby it's
a big one
mr. from piss Richards file yeah that's
right in here man I always thought women
should get to do what they want but if
they couldn't I'd still be with hello
God why'd she dump me Kimmy is married
to DJ slizzard and she never gave up on
Bay oh not even when pigs fly
Oh Kimmy stood by you man hashtag not
all women
finish it up hey win a Peabody like
Entourage and who knows man who knows
maybe my case gets reopened we don't get
paid until you head in a script so
you're gonna need to book something in
the meantime
are you familiar with an acting troupe
called choices madness you can be many
things all at once you can be a nerd a
jock and maybe you're also cursed with
perfect
[Music]
I just wanted to thank you I've never
seen our students so engaged and excited
but we're actually looking for someone
to direct our spring play and a students
clearly worship you oh like a guy well
not exactly what it sold to the handsome
ball gentleman who's talking right now
it's from Random House so it could be
any of them they want me to write a book
about the bunker like Cindy did after we
were rescued if you were my best
friend's wife I would probably try
someplace we can talk
I would probably try and have sex with
you is what I was gonna say please don't
interrupt me the documentary got it all
wrong deep Wayne is a monster and not a
nice one like Cookie Monster family of
big naturals founder Artie Goodman is
reaching out to anyone with information
about his whereabouts my father has a
heart condition and a prostate the size
of a proc country Milligan did you
forget to tell this man's family he's
dead if a book can do that imagine if it
had a positive message about our boys
retreat points and there's drag and
let's just sleep inside them and try to
trick down a planet remulac useful
Thunder phone well it's nice to see that
my father was dating someone
age-appropriate nobody's ever gonna buy
your children's book I'm sorry I'm just
living in the real world and give you
all my ideas but I know for a fact that
no one wants them Wade
that's perfect I need something so I can
get paid his inheritance will remain in
a trust that will now be administered by
my son you and Hal Lillian of a gun of a
girlfriend Lillian Dolomites couch
number operation sneak book into book
stores so boys can find it and not grow
up to be creeps
hired by a certain children's television
show to dig up dirt on you you know my
employers they know that the Hara is
about to hit the fan on mr. frump as' so
they want us to do a Poe research on
anyone that he may have auditioned can
leave you audition for mr. frump this
last year in an effort to get my key
back I was hoping we could talk about
your meeting
[Music]
oops
how'd that happen nothing nothing
happened
the mr. crumpet stuff is coming out they
want me to do an interview lies are
being shattered and destroyed by a mere
allegation I mean who are we supposed to
believe a beloved American icon or one
Fame alone gree brown-eyed actor I wrote
and illustrated a book double threat and
I want to get hit in Oprah's Book Club
I'm sorry to do it like this but a basic
will you marry me so my book changed
your life and made you a better person
is the Pope a woman no but he should be
it's time for me to see the world so I
quit I'm going to suggest you don't quit
until next week we're gonna be
millionaires
you lie
Jacqueline white so Tripp you ready to
bounce like my client and dear friend
Nicki Minaj's juicy but where are you
going you guys took me to dinner you use
Al Gore's rhythm to get people to buy
stuff right well now you're gonna use it
to sell my book and why would I do that
maybe your capitals offer might not be
so generous if they knew what was going
on around here where can people buy your
book you're also making me one of those
internet buying places a website Jesus
you never should have worked here
the legends of creamy wax turns out this
place is just a sideways tugboat so the
city's gonna knock it down unless the
owners bring it up to code or they
designate this lot of shipyard look I've
already been too helpful I worked for
the city want to hire me I've been in
this business since Billy Crystal is
doing blackface at the Oscars almost
five and a half years and I've never met
anybody like you
[Music]
[Applause]
you